Lord Quach is awake
It's because you caught me.
why save me
i listen to you explain
I am not the leader of the Royal religion.
I am Pham Tuyet
It was the fake cult leader who poured dirty water on me.
Report to the leader
Miss Lanh asks to see you
How dare you tease me I will kill you
The late Lord has not yet woken up.
Wake up so I can knock you out. As soon as I entered, someone called me the cult leader.
I thought you were cheating on me
Let me go get the body of the leader here.
What's up
Where is my mainland?
when we saved him it was like that
The leader of the world is also an accomplice of the devil's sect. The devil's sect leader is dead.
If you don't believe me, look who he is.
but then there is such a thing
We enter the devil's sect
Just investigate the cult leader.
As a result, we know their plot.
Kill you to frame me
Moreover, the leader of the demonic cult looks exactly like me.
So I also became a religious leader.
who are you and who wants to frame you
I am a criminal
also the head of the church
but not of the devil
Who else will frame me?
don't know
Pham Hien came to attack the sect again.
If you don't hand over the sect leader's palace, they will kill you.